now the boss Dr 880 dr. rhythm is a drum
machine and I just want to show you how
cool some of the sections on the drum
machine can be you have the 20 velocity
sensitive triggers here right the xrx
drum sounds right it's very cool to have
these velocity sensing right so it's
these pads are great to work with
because you can get all the nuances out
of a drum set going on also if I just
hit the pad button and go to drum patch
number 2 drum set number 2 now I have
right I've got percussion sounds and if
I go to the last Bank I even have more
percussion sounds right so that's very
cool also if you notice I have four pads
vertically and five pads across kind of
set up almost like a bass guitar neck
well lo and behold if I hold shift and
press bass pad now it is and I can play
it just like I would a guitar neck so I
can go
I can program all my bass parts I've got
a great I've got ten different bases in
here that I can mess with and then I've
got you know slide bases funk and I can
program them just with the pads another
reason for the MIDI in Jack is if I
don't want to do it here on the pads I
can do it on keyboard or I could do it
if I had a MIDI guitar rig if I had a
rolling guitar rig GI 20 or something
took the MIDI out of that I could
program the bass sounds with that and
it's very cool also the base is
polyphonic as well so you can do bass
chords which really works out kind of
cool the next thing I wanted to show you
is some of the patterns that are in here
500 patterns loaded in here let's just
take a peek of some of the cool ones
I've got kind of a Latin thing going on
maybe just a cool rock thing maybe
something with a slap bass over just a
kick drum here's an example of a
polyphonic bass part over a drum groove
very cool to play along with them the
whole time I can play guitar over the
top of this stuff it's very hip how
about a blues shuffle to work against
all things are possible with the dr 880
doctor rhythm